I have to ask you about KIB. So I remember a while ago Rogan said that, uh,
that's the perfect fight, uh, yeah. For KIB you are,
so let me ask two questions the first,
do you think you can beat him in an MMA match when you're at your peak? Yeah.
I, I don't like, uh, yeah, I mean, this is one of those people,
people like we'll get it really mad at me if I say yes, but yeah. I mean, I.
But how would you do it? How would you solve that puzzle? Yeah.
Uh, I mean, we would grapple and I think I would be better than him, but I know,
I, I feel weird saying, cause people, yeah, write your full, you know? And,
but that's no, no one, I grappled him. Right. I mean, nobody did.
And maybe I'm wrong in this, but I will,
if we we'll get the best possible candidates, I'm definitely one of them.
And then obviously I have a small size advantage too.
So in a wrestling match.
So we can just reduce that MMA match to a wrestling match.
What do you think is the right strategy on him? Like do,
do you understand his style that the, the, his wrestling style,
the pressure he applies? Do you underst yeah. How the hell he makes.
That happen? Yeah, I mean,
he never unfortunately fought any real who I would say really,
really high level wrestlers.
I was actually really disappointed how bad Justin GA's wrestling was.
Cuz Justin GCI had some solid success,
but wrestling was really bad in that fight. Um, GA.
Had success in.
Okay. Yeah. I think he was seventh plays maybe or somewhere.
He was definitely all American. Uh, it was lower though. Um,
so yeah, I would, I would like to see how he dealt with someone who was like a,
who I think, oh man, this guy's a really high level wrestler. Cause you know,
we saw, and this is early in his career, but you know,
GLA and Tebo did give him some issues earlier in his career. Um,
so I would like to see him in that situ and how he does, I would love to like,
you know, like I'd I just love wrestling and grappling. Like yeah.
I'd love if someone said, Hey, uh, Ben, you know, could be,
wants to roll with you. Okay. I'm there tomorrow. It sounds like a blast.
Let's go.
He's probably competitive as hell. Yeah. You're still competitive.
I know when to be and when not to be like, you know,
say if I'm going to high school, kids are, are not gonna be competitive.
Cuz then I'm just being a Dick.
How would you take 'em down?
What, what we were talking about real wrestl, like wrestling, wrestling,
wrestling, wrestling. I would probably try to text single legs and stuff.
Single legs. Yeah.
Haven't okay. Not.
Not, I mean I, no, I honestly, I, I don't have the slightest clue.
I'd have to feel, I'd feel 'em out. Um, but single legs. No, my best take, well,
people.
Talk about his wrestling being really good. Like people that.
Trained with a so. Okay. So I, I grilled someone.
I will not say who on ed Ruth thing.
Cause ed Ruth is very elite at folks out wrestling.
He never became great at fighting. Unfortunately wait.
Ed Ruth wrestled could beat him. They.
Were on the same team for a while. Yeah. Okay.
And there was rumors that could be beat him up. And I said, I gosh, sure.
Can't believe that. And I've heard that that was,
if they were just straight wrestling, ed would get slightly the better of it.
Well.
Edwards is like one of the greats. He's great. He's really.
Good. Yeah. So that was what I heard, but in an MMA setting,
because of all the tools that KIB would get him, I don't know.
Uh, it, what, but I agree.
I agree with Rogan on this one that would've been good to see. Yeah.
That would fun. So yeah. KIB wants to work out. I I'd love it. I love,
I love wrestling and grapple.
I don't do much JSU cause I just don't have time for it anymore.
I'm at the wrestling academy, like every single day. Uh, but yeah, I,
I love jujitsu. I did it. And you know, if I didn't have wrestling academy,
I probably would still Besu.